[llvm][AsmPrinter] Call graph section format. (#159866)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/CallGraphSection.md

| Format Version                         | `uint8_t`     | 8           | The version of the record format. The current version is 0.                                             |
| Flags                                  | `uint8_t`     | 8           | A bitfield where: Bit 0 is set if the function is a potential indirect call target; Bit 1 is set if there are direct callees; Bit 2 is set if there are indirect callees. The remaining 5 bits are reserved. |
| Function Entry PC                      | `uintptr_t`   | 32/64       | The address of the function's entry point.                                                              |
| Function Type ID                       | `uint64_t`    | 64          | The type ID of the function. This field is non-zero if the function is a potential indirect call target and its type is known. |
| Number of Unique Direct Callees        | `ULEB128`     | Variable    | The number of unique direct call destinations from this function. This field is only present if there is at least one direct callee. |

> | Direct Callees Array                   | `uintptr_t[]` | Variable    | An array of unique direct callee entry point addresses.                                                 |

Reviewer: this is optional too, right?

Author: Done.

# .callgraph Section Layout

> The `.callgraph` section is used to store call graph information for each function, which can be used for post-link analyses and optimizations. The section contains a series of records, with each record corresponding to a single function.

Reviewer: the post-link bit here makes me think its for Post-Link-Optimization specifically. I suppose it could be, but that isn't the primary motivation we have ATM. maybe tweak the verbiage a bit?

Author: Removed the part about post-link analyses.

> For efficiency, we make a distinction between direct and indirect call data. For direct calls, we record the unique callees, not the location of each individual call. For indirect calls, we record the location of each call site and the type ID of the callee. Post link analysis scripts which utilize this information to reconstuct the program call graph can potentially receive more information regarding  indirect callsites from the user to improve the precision of the call graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For efficiency, we make a distinction between direct and indirect call data. For direct calls, we record the unique callees, not the location of each individual call. For indirect calls, we record the location of each call site and the type ID of the callee. Users of this information can potentially derive more information regarding  indirect callsites (e.g. from the user) to improve the precision of the call graph.
```
Maybe something like this to avoid post link verbiage? its really just any consumer of this data, right?

Author: This difference between indirect and direct call handling does not exist anymore. Dropped this paragraph.

## Per Function Record Layout

Each record in the `.callgraph` section has the following binary layout:

| Field                        | Type          | Size (bits) | Description                                                                                             |
| ---------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Format Version               | `uint32_t`    | 32          | The version of the record format. The current version is 0.                                             |
| Function Entry PC            | `uintptr_t`   | 32/64       | The address of the function's entry point.                                                              |
| Function Kind                | `uint8_t`     | 8           | An enum indicating the function's properties (e.g., if it's an indirect call target).                   |

> | Function Type ID             | `uint64_t`    | 64          | The type ID of the function. This field is **only** present if `Function Kind` is `INDIRECT_TARGET_KNOWN_TID`. |

Reviewer: I'm not sure optional fields in a binary format are all that great.

Author: The layout is updated to remove optional fields. PTAL.
